This 08-dynamodb-create app is from Udacity Cloud Developer Nanodegree,
Course 05 Serverless, Lesson 02 REST API/Lecture 14 POST Method.
This app is deployed as an AWS Lambda function.
First generate a zip file and upload it to Lambda, then make a POST /groups API at API Gateway.  Then do a POST request from Postman to the API with a new db object in the body:
* {id: new_uuid, name: "...", description: ".."}  
If successful, the new Item is posted to my groups table on DynamoDB, with the random Id generated by this app.

To run this app and complete this lesson:
* npm install
* npm run package  (this zips a package for deployment to Lambda)
* Go to AWS Lambda and create a function called 'create-group'
* * upload the .zip to the lambda (from the Firefox browser, since my Chrome blocks the upload due to an ad-blocker plugin)
* * Set the environment variable for the name of our DynamoDB table TABLE_NAME=groups
* * Add a iam-policy.json to the IAM role attached to the function that gives it permission to PutItem to my groups table on DynamoDB
* * Go to my groups-api API on API Gateway and add a POST method at /groups, and connect it to the create-groups Lambda.  Deploy the API to the dev stage, just like the GET method that was defined and deployed earlier. The /groups route should now have a GET and POST method, and the deployment creates an 'invoke url' that I can use with Postman to do a POST request.  Copy the Invoke URL for the POST request on Postman.
* * Run a POST operation with Postman to the Invoke URL, with a new object in the body that I want to post to the groups DB. The objects in the table have three fields: id, name, description (of course, since the db is DynamoDB, there is no schema for the table, so we can actually have any fields we want for each object).  The body in the Postman request needs to have only name and description fields, since the id is auto-generated by the create-groups Lambda using uuid.  